Boundary Docs: Configure workers refactor (#3077)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/boundary/v1.0.x/content/partials/workers/worker-config-parameters.mdx

Refer to the list below for explanations of the parameters used in the example above:

- `disable mlock (bool: false)` - Disables the server from executing the `mlock` syscall, which prevents memory from being swapped to the disk.

> This is fine for local development and testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Disabling `mlock` is fine for local development and testing.
```
